if it is a fruit that can not be found
hardly ever in the trade and
gooseberry
if you want to enjoy this fruit you have to
absolutely have in his garden
whether it's gooseberry
or redcurrants the requirements
are practically the same they are
plants that m
insolent smoke not too much moisture
during the winter but as fresh during
the summer it also supports a little bit
shaded the priority when planting
gooseberries or currants
rap you have to have an extremely
clean and there I worked my soil on
at least one square meter is removed
absolutely everything quack
that is to say, that is true
really a real dig then here
it is a gooseberry in containers
we are going to soak him up as
want to use in a bucket of water
and during that time we are going to do
our hole then because it already has
been worked it's going to be a lot more
easy to dig it so we go
just do it slightly more
deep that a spade and we'll go there
put potting soil that we
let's go mixed with our land and we're going
give a little bit of normal earth the
garden soil from above we will plant
our currant bushes so we go on
position at the bottom of the hole in his
range of where we will use our
down not to bury him anymore
deeply he was on pole he did not
you must never bury a shrub
it's also true for a tree and we're going
carry our land around the mound
we 're going to have a bowl that's
formed around our gooseberry we
let's water the value of 10 liters
water
here we finished our implementation of
currant bushes now stays longer
wait until next spring
at the end of the winter if it is very
cold and it froze it thawed on
will iron our currant bushes and
will bring 10 liters again
of water is in principle one should be
quiet then a little tip when
even for spring do not hesitate to
pay the foot to prevent the grass
unwanted sprouts in currant bush